chore: update migration guide and readmes (#2258)
eclipsesource/jsonforms: MIGRATION.md

</ThemeProvider>;
```

### Angular support now targets Angular 16 and Angular 17

> When using JSON Forms 3.2 your Angular application now needs to target Angular 16 or 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using JSON Forms 3.2, your Angular application now needs to target Angular 16 or 17.
```

Some refactorings, especially in Angular Material, were necessary to accomplish this.

> Use JSON Forms 3.1 if need to stay in Angular 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use JSON Forms 3.1 if you need to stay on Angular 14.
```
